1. En cada ronda podés asignar el aumento que consideres justo a cada uno de tus compañeros, no hay ningún límite o condición. No es necesario que le asignes aumentos a todos. Si hay gente con la que no tuviste nada de interacción, no tenés idea de que es lo que hacen y no sabrías como juzgarlas, no te preocupes. Ocupate de recompensar a la gente que más valor considerás que generó dentro de la organización. Sé cuidadoso y tené en cuenta que tus decisiones tienen un gran impacto sobre el futuro de los demás, intentá ser tan justo como puedas.
2. En cada ronda, tu aumento será el promedio de todas las asignaciones que recibiste; tu aumento final, la suma de todas las rondas. El sistema te informará también la desviación estándar, el mínimo y el máximo de las asignaciones que recibiste.
3. Te tomás un trago con tus compañeros y les agradecés el aumento.


7. You have to set a raise for yourself, as this value will be used for two calculations: it will be subtracted from the total amount you have left for allocations and it will work as a maximum for the raise you get, if you are assigned more you will get what you asked for. You will need to reach a balance in between the raise you think you deserve and what you think everyone else does.
8. The raise you allocate to each of your coworkers can not exceed 50% of their current salary, and you don't have to assign something to everyone. If there's someone you haven't interacted with, or don't know what they do and you don't think you can judge them, don't worry. But do reward those who you think have added the most value to Manas. Be careful and take into account that your decisions are impacting heavily on everyone else's future. Try to be as fair as possible, and make your allocations as if you were the only one doing it, try not to guess what everyone else is going to assign.
9. Your raise will come from the average of allocations you've got or your set maximum (if it was exceeded). The system will also show minimum, maximum and standard deviation for everyone's allocations.
10. As a side effect from this maximums, there will be an excess amount coming from the difference between requested and assigned raises. This amount will be divided equally and added to everyone's raise, which may incur into you getting a slightly higher raise than you asked for.
11. Grab a drink with your coworkers and thank them for the raise.
